'Areas of Impact Point A Question' => 'A. Productive Use of Time',
        'Areas of Impact Point A Ans' => 'Interestingly, most informal sector workers spent their time surfing videos on different social media (Facebook, Tik Tok, Instagram etc), an activity that may not be socioeconomically productive for the individual or the population. We envisage that a major part of their spare time can be used in observing and creating these work videos which will make them engaged with this platform and help them cross-learning. Our platform will provide an alternative work + entertainment opportunity where the users can use their time productively',
        'Areas of Impact Point B Question' => 'B. Skill-based connection building & learning opportunity',
        'Areas of Impact Point B Ans' => 'The target group is mostly unconnected as they are not users of professional social media platforms like LinkedIn. A platform like LinkedIn is primarily meant for whitecollar/ educated workers. The proposed video-based cross-learning platform will allow individuals with a similar skill set to be connected, learn from each other, and employers to hire individuals.',
        'Areas of Impact Point C Question' => 'C. Encouraging International Migration for the targeted segment',
        'Areas of Impact Point C Ans' => 'Skilled workers with low education have limited opportunities for temporary migration. For example, India/Bangladesh/the Philippines supply construction workers, nurses etc to middle eastern countries and some extent to Europe. Usually, foreign employers have limited opportunities to evaluate the skill set of prospective hires. Such a video platform showcasing various facets of the skill set of the candidates may be quite helpful in this regard. We are already piloting our prototype portal to address this issues',
        'Areas of Impact Point D Question' => 'D. A new market for tools and technologies',
        'Areas of Impact Point D Ans' => 'The network building and new learning possibilities may have spillover outcomes in terms of opening up the market for tools and technologies. The target segment, siloed in their local economy, is hardly aware of the tools and technologies available in other economies for performing the same task. This initiative may provide a drive to the target groups engaged in occupations like farming, plumbing, nursing, and welding (just to name a few) to reorient their work plan due to new knowledge about the tools and technologies available elsewhere in the world.',
        'Areas of Impact Point E Question' => 'E. A new market for handicrafts and other niche skill sets',
        'Areas of Impact Point E Ans' => 'Similarly, various niche skill sets that might be valued globally and yet confined in the local economy, might get access to the global market. There are excellent skill sets (for example, handicrafts or organic production) that may get global attention if they get the necessary exposure.',